SEP-6 / SEP-24: Add pending_user_transfer_complete transaction status (#1094)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

The wallet must use the response fields in the following way to complete the withdrawal:

- `status`: `pending_user_transfer_start` means the user has given all necessary info to the anchor, and the ball is back in the wallet's court.

> - `status`: `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the payment had been successfully received by the anchor and the funds is ready for customer to pick up. The instruction to pick up the funds should be provided to the customer, most likely through the `more_info_url` page provided by the anchor in the response of `/transaction`.

Reviewer: Did some typo correction and added a qualifier. 

```suggestion
- `status`: `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the Stellar payment has been successfully received by the anchor and the off-chain funds are available for the customer to pick up. Instructions to pick up the funds should be provided to the customer either through the `more_info_url` url or another method such as email. 
```

* `pending_trust` -- the user must add a trust-line for the asset for the deposit to complete.
* `pending_user` -- the user must take additional action before the deposit / withdrawal can complete.
* `pending_user_transfer_start` -- the user has not yet initiated their transfer to the anchor. This is the necessary first step in any deposit or withdrawal flow.

> * `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the payment had been successfully received by the anchor and the funds is ready for customer to pick up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pending_user_transfer_complete` means the Stellar payment has been successfully received by the anchor and the off-chain funds are available for the customer to pick up. Only used for withdrawal transactions.
```
